---
title: KCC vs. SVCC 02/29/2024
date: 2024-02-29 00:00:00 -0600
categories:
  - mens-basketball
  - general
post_topic: Men's Basketball
news_thumb_image: assets/img/placeholder.jpg
news_thumb_alt: KCC Cavaliers logo
description: KCC Men's Basketball vs. Sauk Valley Community College
---
<div><p>The Cavaliers fell to the Sauk Valley Community College Skyhawks 88-77 in NJCAA Region IV play Thursday night.&nbsp;</p></div>

<div><p>In the first quarter, the Cavaliers had an early basket from Khylan McKennie to give them a 2-0 lead. The Skyhawks responded with seven points, but Noah Mason put a stop to the scoring with a basket, which was quickly followed by points from Rashad Smith and Dwain Nash to briefly give KCC the lead. &nbsp;</p></div>

<div><p>After three points from Sauk Valley, Quesim Anderson stole the ball and scored two free throws. Nash added two more free throws and Mason had another basket to put the Cavaliers up 14-10, giving them their biggest lead of the first quarter. &nbsp;</p></div>

<div><p>The Skyhawks outscored the Cavaliers by twelve points late in the second quarter, giving them a 42-29 lead by the end of the first half. &nbsp;</p></div>

<div><p>Despite defensive pressure from the Skyhawks following halftime, KCC used two three-pointers from Mason, an old-fashioned three-point play from McKennie, and a free throw from Lucas Burton to close the deficit to eleven points. &nbsp;</p></div>

<div><p>KCC hung with the Skyhawks for the remainder of the game, but it would not be enough to close the gap. After McKennie tipped in the final basket of the game, the Cavs closed out the game 88-77.&nbsp;</p></div>

<div><p>The Cavaliers’ record is 18-11 and they will travel to play in the NJCAA Region IV Quarterfinals on Tuesday.&nbsp;</p></div>

<div><p> </p></div>

<div><p>Stats&nbsp;</p></div>

<div><p>McKennie led the Cavaliers’ scoring with 19 points, 6 rebounds, a steal and a block. Woods added a double-double with 15 points, 13 rebounds and 3 assists. Mason also had 15 points (3 3-pointers), 4 rebounds and 2 assists. Smith had 10 points, 5 rebounds and 2 assists. Burton added 9 points, 5 rebounds, a steal and a block. Nash had four points and two assists. Anderson and Jaden Walls completed KCC’s scoring with 3 and 2 points, respectively.&nbsp;</p></div>
