---
post_title: KCC vs. SSC 04/20/2024
date: 2024-04-20 00:00:00 -0500
categories:
  - baseball
  - general
post_topic: Baseball
news_thumb_image: assets/img/placeholder.jpg
news_thumb_alt: KCC Cavaliers logo
description: KCC Baseball at South Suburban College
---
The KCC Cavaliers powered past South Suburban College in double-digit fashion Saturday afternoon, shutting out the Bulldogs 12-0 and extending their winning streak to five games.

The Cavs were led by strong hitting from Cole Freeman, who drove in five runs on two hits to secure the victory. Freeman doubled in the fourth inning, scoring three runs, and then doubled again in the seventh inning, scoring two more.

Tyler Thompson opened the scoring for KCC with a run-scoring double in the first inning that would keep the score at 1-0 for the first three innings.

The fourth inning was big for KCC, as the Cavs added four more runs to Freeman’s three. Nolan McCrossin, Chris Suchowski, and Dalton Hobick all singled, scoring one run apiece. Tyler Thompson grounded out, adding another run to put KCC up 8-0 going into the fifth inning.

Suchowski singled in the fifth to give the Cavs a run in the fifth and extend their lead to 9-0.

After a scoreless sixth inning, the Cavaliers turned the heat up in the seventh. Hobick reached on an error to drive in a run before Cole Freeman doubled on a line drive to bring in two more runs and give KCC a 12-0 victory.

From the mound, Peyton Niksch and Kaleb Waller teamed up to shutout the Bulldogs. Niksch gave up just three hits and allowed no runs over his six innings, striking out eight and walking two. Waller threw the final inning in relief, allowed no hits, striking out one and walking one.

The Cavaliers shutout improved their record to 27-14. They will play again tomorrow (04/21), when they travel to take on McHenry County College at 12 pm CST.

&nbsp;

Stat Book

Freeman led the Cavs with two runs, two hits and five RBI. Suchowski had two runs, two hits and two RBI. McCrossin recorded two runs, a hit, and an RBI. Thompson had a run, two hits and an RBI. Hobick added a run, a hit, and an RBI.