---
post_title: KCC vs. PSC 04/10/2024
date: 2024-04-10 00:00:00 -0500
categories:
  - baseball
  - general
post_topic: Baseball
news_thumb_image: assets/img/placeholder.jpg
news_thumb_alt: KCC Cavaliers logo
description: KCC Baseball vs. Prairie State College
---
The Kankakee Community College baseball team took a 13-7 victory over Prairie State College on Wednesday, powered by a team effort that saw the runs shared between six players.

Tyler Thompson led the Cavaliers’ effort offensively, driving in four runs on three hits. After doubling in the first inning to score one run, Thompson had an inside-the-park home run in the seventh inning, scoring three runs to confirm the Cavaliers’ win.

The Pioneers started the game off strong in the first inning, putting the Cavs at an early 3-0 deficit. They wouldn’t lead the game for long, though, as Jaeden Harris hit into a fielder’s choice to help the Cavs tie the game at three by the bottom of the fourth.

After Prairie State scored just one run in the fifth, KCC took the 5-4 lead when Curtis McKay doubled and Nathan King grounded out, each scoring a run.

The Pioneers managed the lead in the sixth, but the Cavaliers, led by a single from Amarion Paxton that drove in two runs, responded with five runs on four hits to take a 10-6 lead that they wouldn’t lose.

Thompson’s home run in the seventh inning put the Cavaliers ahead 13-7 to round out KCC’s scoring.

Ben Carlile secured the win for the Cavs from the mound, allowing one hit and zero runs over the first inning and the beginning of the second, striking out one and walking none. Aidan Nugent also assisted the Cavs, surrendering just six hits and five runs (four earned) over five innings, striking out eight and walking two.

Stat Book

The Cavaliers moved their record to 22-11 this season, continuing their success this month, as they have won five of six games.