---
title: KCC vs. MVCC 03/21/2024
date: 2024-03-21 00:00:00 -0500
categories:
  - softball
  - general
post_topic: Softball
news_thumb_image: assets/img/placeholder.jpg
news_thumb_alt: KCC Cavaliers logo
description: KCC Softball vs. Moraine Valley Community College
---
The Lady Cavaliers shut out NJCAA Region IV opponent Moraine Valley CC Cyclones in double-header action Thursday afternoon 14-0 and 12-0 to extend their winning streak to eight games.

**Game 1**

In the first game, Takoda Morris drove in six runs on two hits to lead KCC to victory on the offensive. She doubled in both the first and fourth innings, scoring three runs each time.

The Lady Cavaliers got out to a strong start in the bottom of the first inning, as four players combined to give KCC a 7-0 lead. Marguerite Brown singled to score one run, Brynlee Wright had a double and scored one run, and Jaelyn Wiers singled to score one run.

The score remained unchanged until the fourth inning, when the Lady Cavaliers doubled their score, pushing their 7-0 lead to a 14-0 lead with eight hits. Tori Budde scored a run, Wright tripled to add another run, Wiers doubled and scored a run, and Estelle Audette singled to score a run.

KCC pitcher Katie Newberry played a big part in the first victory, allowing one hit and zero runs in five innings. She struck out nine and walked two Cyclones.

**Game 2**

In the second game, pitcher Jaelyn Latimer took the mound, quickly striking out two batters to hold the Cyclones to one base and no runs. Abby Lorenz singled and Wiers scored, before Anna Faber homered on a line drive to left field. KCC took the early 4-0 lead.

The Lady Cavaliers continued their dominance in the bottom of the third inning. Lauren Waller singled, Kaylynn Crotz tripled, and Wiers doubled, each scoring one run.

In the bottom of the fourth inning, the Lady Cavaliers scored five runs on seven hits. Lorenz and Faber both doubled, scoring a run apiece. Waller, Wiers, and Dylan Rambally all added a single and a run each, finishing the Lady Cavaliers’ scoring in their 12-0 victory.

KCC held the Cyclones to no runs again in the second game, as Latimer did not allow any hits or runs over two innings. She struck out three and walked one.

**Stats**

The Lady Cavaliers improved to 17-2-1 this season and will travel to take on the Prairie State College Pioneers in another double-header Friday afternoon at 3pm and 5pm.
